First of all, make a small FV icon, like the web have a small icon display in the tab, show an image, thumbnail image or a card image for the repo, and a social image preview for displaying the repo name and its benefit and its amazing things. But why don't we make a static page for the GitHub repo, GitHub pages? Basic concept is that the, this artifact type thing, why don't we do one thing like we make a checklist, we have the data, content things, everything. We make a list and we will generate the one by one book and mark this is published and this is not. Also a hub where we can manage our content, status that how much we generated, is that published or not, etc.

Hi, perform these tasks. First of all, ignore and, or hide the attached asset section because it have many files that disclose the trade secret. Because this repo is public and anyone can see that. And delete the zip file in the root.

Audit the whole repo and all files and folders. See if there is any bugs or issue or something is not right. Then make a clean structure of files, organize them, and use GitHub community standard files, and update the old files with new additions and fixes. Go to, go to agent and read your task.
Make sure everything which pending is now implemented. Also, add a skill file in the skill section. And there will be a KDP Digital Product Studio version 2 master build specification file. Make sure that you have completed all the things and all things are fully applied.

Next task will be we improve the design, we will add the categories and pre-built template, and color palette, and we will change this studio overview artifact to a static check out or to-do list type thing, where we can add our whole project, like if we have, I have a list of 100 books, title, story, and concept, we will put there and mark one by one, this is completed, this is pending, this is in process. We will make one by one thing like that. Hopefully, you understand the project, and after you understand the project by master build specification, then kindly do something of this attached asset because it has some files like generation book, pay file, cover file, and everything that can be goes public.